Command Line Parser Generator [1]
=================================

A tool for generating a driver intended to call one of the procedures declared
in a package specification, depending on the parameters passed to the driver.

The accepted command line arguments are derived from the formal parameters of
the available procedures.


Build dependencies
------------------

+ Bash
* xargs or GNU Parallel
* GNAT
* Mercurial (hg)
* Perl
* Wget
* Tar
* ASIS (the Ada Semantic Interface)


Installing
----------

    OS_VERSION=unix make install

Builds and tests the executable before installing it in
"${DESTDIR}${PREFIX}/bin" (where "${PREFIX}" defaults to "${HOME}").

Installing may also work on Windows, if you substitute "OS_VERSION=unix" with
"OS_VERSION=windows".


Testing
-------

```
   OS_VERSION=unix make test
```

Builds and tests the executable.


Building
--------

```
   OS_VERSION=unix make build
```

Builds the executable.


Examples
--------

The project comes with some examples (located in the `examples/` directory).
The program `command_line_parser_generator-run` can be used to analyse them:

    command_line_parser_generator-run bad_declares_function

Notice that `command_line_parser_generator-run` uses the environment variable
ADA_INCLUDE_PATH to decide which directories to search for source files in.
If ADA_INCLUDE_PATH isn't set, the current directory will be used.


Copyright
---------

The copyright to the software belongs to JSA Research & Innovation.  The
software is distributed under the Beer Ware License (revision 42):

   <jacob@jacob-sparre.dk> wrote this. As long as you retain this notice
   you can do whatever you want with this stuff. If we meet some day, and
   you think this stuff is worth it, you can buy me a beer in return.

Notice that any source files generated by the tool are considered the work of
the person who ran the tool (and thus not owned by JSA Research & Innovation).


Links
-----

If you want to find free Ada tools or libraries AdaIC [2] is an excellent
starting point.  You can also take a look at my other source text
repositories [3] or my web site [4].

[1] Source text repository:
    http://repositories.jacob-sparre.dk/command-line-parser-generator

[2] Free Ada Tools and Libraries:
    http://www.adaic.org/ada-resources/tools-libraries/

[3] My repositories on Bitbucket:
    http://repositories.jacob-sparre.dk/

[4] My web site:
    http://www.jacob-sparre.dk/

